demos/webpack/README.md, before:

# Webpack

This library is built with some dynamic logic to determine if it is invoked in a
script tag or in nodejs.  Webpack does not understand those feature tests, so by
default it will do some strange things.

## Suppressing the Node shims

The library properly guards against accidental leakage of node features in the
browser but webpack disregards those.  The config should explicitly suppress:

```js
	node: {
		fs: false,
		process: false,
		Buffer: false
	}
```

## Exporting the XLSX variable

This library will not assign to module.exports if it is run in the browser.  To
convince webpack, set `output` in the webpack config:

```js
	output: {
		libraryTarget: 'var',
		library: 'XLSX'
	}
```

## Omitting optional dependencies

The `codepage` is needed in certain special cases, including files generated by
non-US-English versions of Excel, but may not be needed.  To reduce build size,
the module can be omitted by aliasing the dependency:

```js
	resolve: {
		alias: { "./dist/cpexcel.js": "" }
	},
```

## Bower and minified versions

The minified versions, used in Bower, require `module.noParse` configuration:

```js
	module: {
		noParse: [
			/xlsx.core.min.js/,
			/xlsx.full.min.js/
		]
	}
```

Commit message:

version bump 0.11.4: BIFF8 XLS write
- xlsx bin script takes `-8, --xls` options for writing BIFF8
- updated CFB to 0.12.1, CRC32 to 1.1.1
- test file spelling error (h/t @jsoref)
- minified script renames write_shift / read_shift
- UTF8 and XML entity processing

Issues:
- fixes #815 h/t @Neroth
- fixes #739 h/t @LittleBreak @PWDream
- fixes #553 h/t @keyiis
- fixes #492 h/t @FlyingSailor @simonchan2013

demos/webpack/README.md, after:

# Webpack

This library is built with some dynamic logic to determine if it is invoked in a
script tag or in nodejs.  Webpack does not understand those feature tests, so by
default it will do some strange things.

## Suppressing the Node shims

The library properly guards against accidental leakage of node features in the
browser but webpack disregards those.  The config should explicitly suppress:

```js
	node: {
		fs: false,
		process: false,
		Buffer: false
	}
```

## Exporting the XLSX variable

This library will not assign to module.exports if it is run in the browser.  To
convince webpack, set `output` in the webpack config:

```js
	output: {
		libraryTarget: 'var',
		library: 'XLSX'
	}
```

## Omitting optional dependencies

The `codepage` is needed in certain special cases, including files generated by
non-US-English versions of Excel, but may not be needed.  To reduce build size,
the module can be omitted by aliasing the dependency:

```js
	resolve: {
		alias: { "./dist/cpexcel.js": "" }
	},
```

## Bower and minified versions

Webpack may show a message like "This seems to be a pre-built javascript file"
when processing minified files (like the default Bower script).  The message is
harmless.  To suppress the message, set `module.noParse` in the webpack config:

```js
	module: {
		noParse: [
			/xlsx.core.min.js/,
			/xlsx.full.min.js/
		]
	}
```
