docbits/40_interface.md, before:

## Interface

`XLSX` is the exposed variable in the browser and the exported node variable

`XLSX.version` is the version of the library (added by the build script).

`XLSX.SSF` is an embedded version of the [format library](http://git.io/ssf).

### Parsing functions

`XLSX.read(data, read_opts)` attempts to parse `data`.

`XLSX.readFile(filename, read_opts)` attempts to read `filename` and parse.

Parse options are described in the [Parsing Options](#parsing-options) section.

### Writing functions

`XLSX.write(wb, write_opts)` attempts to write the workbook `wb`

`XLSX.writeFile(wb, filename, write_opts)` attempts to write `wb` to `filename`

Write options are described in the [Writing Options](#writing-options) section.

### Utilities

Utilities are available in the `XLSX.utils` object:

**Exporting:**

- `sheet_to_json` converts a worksheet object to an array of JSON objects.
  `sheet_to_row_object_array` is an alias that will be removed in the future.
- `sheet_to_csv` generates delimiter-separated-values output.
- `sheet_to_formulae` generates a list of the formulae (with value fallbacks).

Exporters are described in the [Utility Functions](#utility-functions) section.


**Cell and cell address manipulation:**

- `format_cell` generates the text value for a cell (using number formats)
- `{en,de}code_{row,col}` convert between 0-indexed rows/cols and A1 forms.
- `{en,de}code_cell` converts cell addresses
- `{en,de}code_range` converts cell ranges

Commit message:

API Improvements
- `aoa_to_sheet` function (fixes #314 h/t @fonzy2013 @rvdwijngaard)
- `writeFileAsync` function (fixes #396 h/t @barbalex)
- `sheet_to_json` tests + docs + blankrows (fixes #602 h/t @EEaglehouse)
- write number format scan now includes every index >= 50
- propagate SSF IE8 fixes (fixes #171 h/t @sheetjsdev)
- update shim for extendscript (see #603 h/t @firas3d)
- more flow type definitions

docbits/40_interface.md, after:

## Interface

`XLSX` is the exposed variable in the browser and the exported node variable

`XLSX.version` is the version of the library (added by the build script).

`XLSX.SSF` is an embedded version of the [format library](http://git.io/ssf).

### Parsing functions

`XLSX.read(data, read_opts)` attempts to parse `data`.

`XLSX.readFile(filename, read_opts)` attempts to read `filename` and parse.

Parse options are described in the [Parsing Options](#parsing-options) section.

### Writing functions

`XLSX.write(wb, write_opts)` attempts to write the workbook `wb`

`XLSX.writeFile(wb, filename, write_opts)` attempts to write `wb` to `filename`

`XLSX.writeFileAsync(filename, wb, o, cb)` attempts to write `wb` to `filename`.
If `o` is omitted, the writer will use the third argument as the callback.

Write options are described in the [Writing Options](#writing-options) section.

### Utilities

Utilities are available in the `XLSX.utils` object:

**Importing:**

- `aoa_to_sheet` converts an array of arrays of JS data to a worksheet.

**Exporting:**

- `sheet_to_json` converts a worksheet object to an array of JSON objects.
  `sheet_to_row_object_array` is an alias that will be removed in the future.
- `sheet_to_csv` generates delimiter-separated-values output.
- `sheet_to_formulae` generates a list of the formulae (with value fallbacks).

Exporters are described in the [Utility Functions](#utility-functions) section.


**Cell and cell address manipulation:**

- `format_cell` generates the text value for a cell (using number formats)
- `{en,de}code_{row,col}` convert between 0-indexed rows/cols and A1 forms.
- `{en,de}code_cell` converts cell addresses
- `{en,de}code_range` converts cell ranges
