docbits/51_cell.md, before:

### Cell Object

| Key | Description                                                            |
| --- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `v` | raw value (see Data Types section for more info)                       |
| `w` | formatted text (if applicable)                                         |
| `t` | cell type: `b` Boolean, `n` Number, `e` error, `s` String, `d` Date    |
| `f` | cell formula encoded as an A1-style string (if applicable)             |
| `F` | range of enclosing array if formula is array formula (if applicable)   |
| `r` | rich text encoding (if applicable)                                     |
| `h` | HTML rendering of the rich text (if applicable)                        |
| `c` | comments associated with the cell                                      |
| `z` | number format string associated with the cell (if requested)           |
| `l` | cell hyperlink object (`.Target` holds link, `.Tooltip` is tooltip)    |
| `s` | the style/theme of the cell (if applicable)                            |

Built-in export utilities (such as the CSV exporter) will use the `w` text if it
is available.  To change a value, be sure to delete `cell.w` (or set it to
`undefined`) before attempting to export.  The utilities will regenerate the `w`
text from the number format (`cell.z`) and the raw value if possible.

The actual array formula is stored in the `f` field of the first cell in the
array range.  Other cells in the range will omit the `f` field.

Commit message:

version bump 0.12.1: BIFF5 features
- BIFF5 write number formats and other features
- XLSX/XLSB/BIFF8 Suppress "Number stored as Text" errors
- codename awareness (fixes #992 h/t @samusstrike)
- updated CFB to 1.0.3
- demo refresh

docbits/51_cell.md, after:

### Cell Object

Cell objects are plain JS objects with keys and values following the convention:

| Key | Description                                                            |
| --- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `v` | raw value (see Data Types section for more info)                       |
| `w` | formatted text (if applicable)                                         |
| `t` | type: `b` Boolean, `e` Error, `n` Number, `d` Date, `s` Text, `z` Stub |
| `f` | cell formula encoded as an A1-style string (if applicable)             |
| `F` | range of enclosing array if formula is array formula (if applicable)   |
| `r` | rich text encoding (if applicable)                                     |
| `h` | HTML rendering of the rich text (if applicable)                        |
| `c` | comments associated with the cell                                      |
| `z` | number format string associated with the cell (if requested)           |
| `l` | cell hyperlink object (`.Target` holds link, `.Tooltip` is tooltip)    |
| `s` | the style/theme of the cell (if applicable)                            |

Built-in export utilities (such as the CSV exporter) will use the `w` text if it
is available.  To change a value, be sure to delete `cell.w` (or set it to
`undefined`) before attempting to export.  The utilities will regenerate the `w`
text from the number format (`cell.z`) and the raw value if possible.

The actual array formula is stored in the `f` field of the first cell in the
array range.  Other cells in the range will omit the `f` field.
